XRDDEV-1163 Kubernetes Secrets (#33)
nordic-institute/X-Road-Security-Server-sidecar: README.md

 failureThreshold: 50
 [...]
 ```

## 5 Kubernetes secrets

> Kubernetes Secrets are objects that let you store and manage sensitive information, such as passwords, OAuth tokens, and ssh keys. Storing confidential information in a Secret is safer and more flexible than putting it verbatim in a Pod  definition or in a container image.

Reviewer: Maybe it's not necessary to define Kubernetes secrets but rather explain how Kubernetes secrets can be used for the sidecar instead.

### 5.1 Create secret
In this example we are going to create a secret for the X-Road Security Server Sidecar environment variables with sensitive data.

> Create a manifest call "secret-env-variables.yaml" and fill it with the desired values of the environment variables.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a manifest file called for example "secret-env-variables.yaml" and fill it with the desired values of the environment variables.
```

> - replace <namespace_name> with the name of the namespace, if we want to use default namespace, delete this line.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- replace <namespace_name> with the name of the namespace if it's different from `default`. If we want to use `default` namespace, we can delete the line.
```
